Tembo (#80)
corrode/corrode.github.io: content/podcast/s04e05-tembo/index.md

+++
title = "Tembo"
date = 2025-06-12
template = "episode.html"
draft = false
aliases = ["/p/s04e05"]
[extra]
guest = "Adam Hendel"
role = "Founding Engineer"
season = "04"
episode = "05"
series = "Podcast"
+++

Recently I was in need of a simple job queue for a Rust project. I already had
Postgres in place and wondered if I could reuse it for this purpose. I found
[Tembo](https://www.tembo.io/), a simple job queue written in Rust that uses

> Postgres as a backend. It fit the bill perfectly. 

Reviewer: _Is_ Tembo a simple job queue? I thought it was a Postgres hoster?!

In today's episode, I talk to [Adam
Hendel](https://www.linkedin.com/in/adam-hendel/), the founding engineer of

> Tembo, about their project, PGMQ, and how it came to be. We discuss the design

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tembo, about one of their projects, PGMQ, and how it came to be. We discuss the design
```

Author: True, fixing
